Give storage disks a new id when duplicating it in creative mode (#1134)
refinedmods/refinedstorage2: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> -   Duplicating storage disks in creative mode is now possible because each copy is assigned a new UUID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Duplicating storage disks with middle click in creative mode will now give a new storage disk instead of referencing the copied one.
```
